MSRE multiphysics RZ model - Refs #311 (#312)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/msr/msre/multiphysics_rz_model/msre_multiphysics_results.md

!media msr/msre/MSRE_pgh_fields.png
       style=width:110%;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto
       id=MSRE_pgh_fields
       caption=Fuel Salt Temperature - left (K), Fuel salt velocity - center (m/s), and Power density - right (W/m$^3$).

Additionally, the steady-state delayed neutron precursor group distributions calculated via Pronghorn are shown in [MSRE_pgh_dnps]. Here the long lived delayed neutron precursor group 1 is well mixed throughout the reactor core, whereas the short lived neutron precursor group 6 is centralized and decays in the reactor core.

!media msr/msre/MSRE_pgh_dnps.png
       style=width:110%;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto
       id=MSRE_pgh_dnps
       caption=Long lived DNP Group 1 (left), Medium lived DNP group 3(center), and short lived DNP group 6 (right).

## Execution

To apply for access to Griffin and HPC, please visit [NCRC](https://ncrcaims.inl.gov/).
To run the multiphysics model on:

#### INL HPC:

```language=Bash

module load use.moose moose-apps bluecrab

mpiexec -n 6 blue_crab-opt -i neu.i
```

#### Local Device:

> Note: need at least NCRC level 2 access to Griffin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With NCRC level 2 access to BlueCrab, once you have installed the mamba environment:
```

Author: Incorporated change on following commit.

```language=Bash

mamba deactivate

mamba activate bluecrab

mpiexec -n 6 blue_crab-opt -i neu.i
```

> Note: With source-code access to Pronghorn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With source-code access to BlueCrab, once you have compiled the executable you may run:
```

Author: Incorporated change on following commit.
